Terms and Agreements:

Brian C. Smith, the creator and sole originator of this code
(henceforth refered to as "the creator") releases the code for the
RA Bot (henceforth collectively refered to as "the bot" or "the 
code") for all uses public and private except those explicitly 
prohibited below in the Terms and Agreements (henceforth refered
to as "the terms"). The bot may not be distributed except in
circumstances explicitly stated in the terms.

Henceforth the phrase "the operator" shall refer to the person or 
persons directly responsible for initiating the operation of the 
bot on a given computer, and distinct from, though not nessecarily 
excluding, the creator. More than one operator will be collectively
refered to as "the operators". Unless otherwise specified, the 
term "the operators" refers to all operators collectively.

Henceforth the phrase "the user" shall refer to human person
using a Discord App client or operating a seperate Discord Bot
which interacts with the bot through the Discord Application. For
cases in which a person could be identified as both a user and as
an operator, the operator shall always be the person who is the
operator of the bot in use in the matter in question. Operators who
interact with their own instance of the bot will be considered
operators for any interaction where they are the operator of the
bot. Operators who interact with an instance of the bot for which
they are not the operator will be considered a user in the case of
that particular interaction, this does not prohibit them from being
considered the operator in a seprate interaction, even should both
interactions take place simultaneously. More than one user will be 
collectively refered to as "the users". Unless otherwise specified,
the term "the users" refers to all users collectively.

Henceforth the phrase "the distributor" shall refer to any person
who distributes the bot via any medium. The distributor may be,
but does not have to be, the creator, any of the operators, or any
of the users. More than one distributor will be collectively
refered to as "the distributors". Unless otherwise specified, the 
term "the distributors" refers to all distributors collectively.

All rights, duties, responsibilites, restrictions, and penalties
detailed below shall fall upon the operator of the bot unless
explicitly agreed upon by both the operator and the one or several
users with whom their instance of the bot interacts. The operator
shall not hold any user(s) accountable for any effects of their
interaction with the bot unless explicitly agreed upon by both the
operator and the individual user.

The users, except in situations where they are the operator, are
not in contract or agreement with the creator. Any contract or 
agreement between the user and the operator shall not create
contract or agreement between the user and the creator.
Any contract between the user and the operator which insinuates or
attempts to create contract or agreement between the user and the
creator shall be null and void until such time as the clauses
attempting to create or insinuating the existence of contract or
agreement between the user and the creator have been removed.

All operators and distributors, by using the bot and distributing
the bot respectively, agree to abide by any and all of the terms.
Furthermore, they agree to abide by the most recent version of the
terms regardless of which version of the bot they operate. The 
creator may not provide notice to the operators or the distributors
in the event of a change to the terms. The operators and the
the distributors are responsible for reading and abiding by the 
terms. Finally, operators and distributors to agree any and all 
penalties and punishments elaborated in the terms. The creator
will only pursue penalties and/or punishments in the event the
he has reasonable evidence the operator the distributor has
violated the terms.

The presence of two intances of the bot in one Discord Server is
prohibited. The operator of the most recent bot to be added to the
Discord Server holds sole responsibility for any outcome or
damages this may cause. The operator of either bot may not hold the
creator responsible for any outcomes in any way.

Neither the operators nor the distributors may not falsely claim to
be the creator. The operators and the distributors may not falsely
claim to have originated or created the bot in whole or in part.
The operator may not derive income from operation of the bot. The 
operators and the distributors may not sell the code in whole or in
part.

The bot may not be modified to record or store the content of
messages or other related data which the bot recieves. The bot may
not be modified in any way which would allow the operator to read 
the content of messages or other related data which it would not
otherwise make available.

The distributors may distribute the bot if, and only if they
include the entire file of the bot and related materials, including
but not limited to these terms, the Privacy Policy, and any other
content related to the bot. Distributors who fail to comply will
lose any rights to distribution granted by these terms and any other
prior agreements between the distributor and the creator, except
those which explicitly relieve them of these requirements.
Distributors who fail to comply will also be held soley responsible
for the actions of any of those deemed to have received the bot
without all the related materials by the infringing distributor's
actions.

The creator takes no responsibility for any injuries or damages,
physical, mental, emotional, or otherwise which may arrise from
use of the bot. The operator takes full responsibility for any
injuries or damages, physical, mental, emotional, or otherwise which
may arrise from use of the bot, except for those responsibilities
which the user has explicitly agreed to accepted. Users are responsible
only for injuries or damages, physical, mental, emotional, or otherwise
which arrise from use of the bot in cases which they have
explicitly agreed upon with the operator.

No other document shall be considered or construed as an addition,
ammendment, or an abridging of this document, except for hand-written
and signed documents from the creator himself which list exemptions
or modifications of specific clauses within this document. These
hand-written exemptions or modifications shall be applicable only
to the person to whom they are issued, and shall not be
construed as exemptions or modificatoinsfor any other persons.
The creator retains the right to revoke or nullify any hand-written
exemtions or modifications in any format at any time.

The creator retains the right to revoke any permissions granted
to any person, including permission explicitly granted by the
terms with or without explanation at any time.

This is the end of the Terms and Agreements. 